【公示Announcement】2023年暑秋境外学习项目资助公示 Scholarship for UG Students of Study Abroad Programs, 2023

各位同学：

为推动学校国际化教育，培养具有家国情怀、通晓国际规则、具有创新意识和国际竞争力的人才，按照南科大国际化办学目标的要求，鼓励学生参与国（境）外学习交流，并适当提供资助。

经广泛通知、学生自主申请、学校评审等程序，现将2023年暑期和秋季境外交流拟资助学生名单予以公示（名单见附件）。

所有参加境外交流项目的同学须在教学工作部办理离校备案手续及完成国际合作部离校交流手续，并在项目完成后按要求向国际合作部提交境外学习报告、出入境记录等文件，如未完成交流手续、未按要求提交相关材料、出现违法违纪等不符合资助发放情况，资助将不予发放。如贫困生状态发生变化，学校可取消贫困生额外资助。如学生在外学习期间学术及综合表现不佳，学校可取消其获得资助资格，学生需退回预支的资助金。

如有异议，请于2023年7月24日至7月28日期间，以邮件方式向国际合作部（global_students@sustech.edu.cn）反映，逾期则不予受理。反映情况时要签署真实姓名，要有具体事实；不签署真实姓名或不提供具体事实情况的，一律不予受理。

国际合作部

2023年7月24日

 

Dear all,

In order to promote SUSTech international education development, cultivate talents with devotion to family and country, awareness of international rules, innovative consciousness and international competitiveness, SUSTech encourages students to participate in study abroad programs and provide funding support to students in line with SUSTech’s objective of running the university as an international one.

After the process of notification, student application and funding review, students to be funded for summer and fall programs in 2023 are as shown in the attached list.

Student to receive funding should have finished school leaving procedures required by Teaching Affair Office and Sustech Global before departure and is also required to submit overseas study reports, entry and exit records and other relevant documents to SUSTech Global after returning from program. Failure to finish the said procedures, or in case of violation of law, discipline and other non-compliance with the scholarship, the scholarship will not be issued. If the status of underprivileged student changes, additional funding for underprivileged students can be canceled. In the event of poor academic performance or any negative comportment during the study abroad period, SUSTech may cancel the scholarship for the students and demand the refund of the upfront scholarship.

If you have any questions or want to lodge an appeal against the list, please contact SUSTech Global via email (global_students@sustech.edu.cn) from July 24 to July 28, 2023. We kindly request you to mention your real name when you send us the email by July 28, 2023, or else your request/appeal will not be processed.

SUSTech Global

July 24, 2023



国际合作部

南方科技大学/其他/公共邮箱

广东省深圳市南山区学苑大道1088号
